How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    We can find typoos easy. Errors we mistakenly did and also changes for testing the app. 

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    First of all, we can find out how changes affect the app. Secondly, it will help to understand
    the progress nad know which part of app changed and what parts need to change. We can easily 
    track which part of app needs to working or we were working on. Also, different programmers 
    can work on different part and share the results. At last, it would be very easy to revert back to 
    back stages when we need to undo our works.  

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Well, In this case for each version there would be a purpose to save. So whenever we list 
    versions, it could be understandable why this new version created and what improved in that version. 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Because those files in Git usually connected and related to each other. and in Apps changing some 
    part may affect other parts too. 

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log 
    git log --stat    #show statistics of changes 
    git diff <commit before> <actual commit>

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Since I can revert my changes back to previous versions, it will help me 
    to fix the problem and be confident about making changes.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    First thing I like to try is I want to contribute with a real project. 
    I like to see how they change it in reality and I also could fix a few bugs.
